I'd like to propose a toast to Charlie
for being my lucky charm
women call him your that Charlie or
Charlie good luck jock you have sex with
someone and then they find their true
love is this how it works
has everybody lost their minds that's
ridiculous I guess you are a lucky child
you won't have sex before or after
dinner actually I have dinner plans
buddy you got the ticket to the big show
[Music]
yeah with men this is long journey
Danielle Stacey
just hear me out but now I'm Kim I'm
charlie best up about this time quite a
scam you know it's not me
people don't believe whatever they want
to believe what seems like a blessing
Kim's the one man what makes you think
I'll be kissing you all right
feels like a curse if you sleep with her
she's gonna marry the next guy she dates
that's not true started calling on your
exes they're married I got a go you look
great I had a good time to get the girl
of his dreams
Jacques will do anything I've got to put
the curse to the test with anyone
Eleanor Schiphol
this chicken member getting married I
actually thought that maybe we've been
too physical I'm gonna ride you to you
this summer love has never been so hard
want to I just don't think that we
should your phone were safe pictures
Dane Cook Jessica Alba good luck Chuck
what sex without love
[Applause]